New text saved:My role is to help people discover what's beneath their woe. Because then you start to see that everything that anyone deals with is a problem that exists only in perspective.

New text saved:New text saved:[171.06s - 176.42s] So this existence that we live in as a space or you live in as your home, it has to have the pillars that support it. So any building, any identity that we become associated with, in this case, our own personality has got its own foundation. So for me, the subconscious represents that.

New text saved:New text saved:[224.58s - 238.13s] So that's why it's so beautiful to be able to access because really it informs everything else. It's sort of that which is tucked away in the wings, but it's the genesis of everything that we're aware of that we think about that then creates all of our emotions and our actions and then consequently our results.

New text saved:[297.31s - 300.67s] to focus solely on the behaviors and the discipline and the willpower.

New text saved:New text saved:[441.71s - 445.71s] 'You change the way you look at things, the things you look at change.'

New text saved:[882.99s - 888.27s] it's a survival proposition. So you had all three going, right? So those three to me are still the foundation that create the suffering.

New text saved:New text saved:[967.47s - 971.95s] "People, you know, do end relationships. They leave careers because they realize that it wasn't actually an extension of their greatest self. It was really what was sustaining their limited idea of themselves."

New text saved:New text saved:[1352.35s - 1363.79s] "So it's just so ironic that the very thing that's driving us to try and find some sense of solace from the deep programming that there's not enough is itself the first stage to sickness."

New text saved:New text saved:[1352.35s - 1363.79s] "So it's just so ironic that the very thing that's driving us to try and find some sense of solace from the deep programming that there's not enough is itself the first stage to sickness."

New text saved:New text saved:[1420.99s - 1426.11s] 'best time to plan a tree is 100 years ago, the best time is today.'

New text saved:New text saved:[1542.35s - 1552.37s] 'literally you're in a prison based on words or sound. Once you see that, then whatever else it is that you come across, even if it's a blind spot, there's a deeper knowing now.'

New text saved:New text saved:[1921.52s - 1996.11s] So I think there's room for compassion, but the responsibility part is where the power lies, right? If I'm fully responsible for my life, even in the ways that I don't fully understand my behavior, I'm no longer a victim of circumstance. So that's the first thing for people to look at. In terms of the questions they can ask themselves, it really comes down to the predominant emotional state that people are in, which is fear, right? So whatever anyone is dealing with, as best as you can, look at the circumstance, whatever it is, when they can't be paid, a relationship that's seemingly coming to an end, a parent that is about to die, wherever they're suffering, there's going to be some form of resistance. One of the biggest lenses that is illusory that people look through is that they're under the impression that the life they have right now just isn't it. And when you really understand the amount of energy and time that people put into trying not to be where they are, you start to see the futility of that particular perspective, right? Because it's completely logical. But when you see it, it's so insidious, right? People really are under the impression that the life they have is not the life they want. And I understand that psychologically and emotionally, but it's futile because it is the life you have. So the degree to which you resist that is the degree to which you're saying that I'm not where I'm supposed to be, which is going to be based on some deeper feeling of inadequacy or insecurity, inadequacy that I haven't fulfilled on my potential.

New text saved:New text saved:[2039.63s - 2052.03s] "So I would to investigate suffering. Where are you in resistance to yourself and life? What is it that you're saying about who you are and what you have that you're under the impression isn't right?"

New text saved:New text saved:[2117.68s - 2139.44s] 'So that is your opportunity as a soul to be able to transcend to discover your true divine nature. So whilst we tend to blame people for the things that we struggle with today, that just leaves us powerless, right? And there's nothing, there's nothing then we can do other than to continue to try and manipulate our circumstances.'

New text saved:New text saved:[2117.68s - 2139.44s] 'So that is your opportunity as a soul to be able to transcend to discover your true divine nature. So whilst we tend to blame people for the things that we struggle with today, that just leaves us powerless, right? And there's nothing, there's nothing then we can do other than to continue to try and manipulate our circumstances.'

New text saved:[2117.68s - 2139.44s] 'So that is your opportunity as a soul to be able to transcend to discover your true divine nature. So whilst we tend to blame people for the things that we struggle with today, that just leaves us powerless, right? And there's nothing, there's nothing then we can do other than to continue to try and manipulate our circumstances.'

New text saved:New text saved:[2117.68s - 2139.44s] 'So that is your opportunity as a soul to be able to transcend to discover your true divine nature. So whilst we tend to blame people for the things that we struggle with today, that just leaves us powerless, right? And there's nothing, there's nothing then we can do other than to continue to try and manipulate our circumstances.'

New text saved:New text saved:[2210.45s - 2215.81s] Because I've had to go through it myself. I often say, you know, heaven is a place on earth, but you have to go through

